Pre-Release PR (v1.6.0) (#395)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-mso: CHANGELOG.md

# Terraform Provider MSO - Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 1.6.0 (November 5, 2025)

IMPROVEMENTS:
- Add retrigger attribute to mso_rest to enable updates without payload, path or method changes.

> - Add ability to deploy tenant_policies in mso_schema_template_deploy_ndo.

Reviewer: I think it is the ability to deploy all template types not just tenant_policies by adding template_type and template_id attributes.

- Add mso_service_device_cluster resource and datasource.

> - Add mso_fabric_policies_synce_interface_policy resource and datasource.

Reviewer 2: Added

BUG FIXES:
- Fix bd configuration in example of schema_site_anp_bulk_staticport.

> - Fix error on redirect policy when string is the empty or incorrectly split in mso_schema_site_contract_service_graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix error when consumer_connector_redirect_policy or provider_connector_redirect_policy attributes are empty strings in mso_schema_site_contract_service_graph.
```
